org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardDayHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardDayHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/dataclient/SharedPreferenceCookieManager.java
 org.wikipedia.dataclient.SharedPreferenceCookieManager
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentFilePageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentFilePageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogThemeChooserBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogThemeChooserBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentContributionDiffDetailBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentContributionDiffDetailBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/InflateDescriptionEditTutorialPageTwoBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.InflateDescriptionEditTutorialPageTwoBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemReadingListBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemReadingListBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemPageListEntryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemPageListEntryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentThemeFittingRoomBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentThemeFittingRoomBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewOnboardingPageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewOnboardingPageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemNotificationDateBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemNotificationDateBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentGalleryItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentGalleryItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemSuggestedEditsContributionsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemSuggestedEditsContributionsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentPageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentPageBinding
org/wikipedia/history/SearchActionModeCallback.java
 org.wikipedia.history.SearchActionModeCallback
 org.wikipedia.history.SearchActionModeCallback$1
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemLanguageSpinnerBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemLanguageSpinnerBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewArticleTabLayoutBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewArticleTabLayoutBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/PreferenceMultilineWithSystemActionBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.PreferenceMultilineWithSystemActionBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWatchlistHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWatchlistHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentOnThisDayBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentOnThisDayBinding
org/wikipedia/language/AcceptLanguageUtil.java
 org.wikipedia.language.AcceptLanguageUtil
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSearchResultsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSearchResultsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardHeaderLargeBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardHeaderLargeBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewImageDetailBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewImageDetailBinding
org/wikipedia/database/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.database.AppDatabase_Impl
 org.wikipedia.database.AppDatabase_Impl$1
org/wikipedia/history/db/HistoryEntryDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.history.db.HistoryEntryDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.history.db.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.history.db.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.history.db.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$3
 org.wikipedia.history.db.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$4
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewMainDrawerBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewMainDrawerBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWatchlistPageTooltipBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWatchlistPageTooltipBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/PreferenceDialogEdittextBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.PreferenceDialogEdittextBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewLinkPreviewOverlayBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewLinkPreviewOverlayBinding
org/wikipedia/feed/announcement/GeoIPCookie.java
 org.wikipedia.feed.announcement.GeoIPCookie
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardProgressBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardProgressBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewActionModeCloseButtonBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewActionModeCloseButtonBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemOnboardingOptionsRecyclerBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemOnboardingOptionsRecyclerBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWikiArticleCardBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWikiArticleCardBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewLinkPreviewErrorBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewLinkPreviewErrorBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivitySingleFragmentBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivitySingleFragmentBinding
org/wikipedia/language/AppLanguageLookUpTable.java
 org.wikipedia.language.AppLanguageLookUpTable
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemFeedContentTypeLangBoxBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemFeedContentTypeLangBoxBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/GroupFindInPageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.GroupFindInPageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogSortReadingListsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogSortReadingListsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewReadingListsOverflowBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewReadingListsOverflowBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardFeaturedArticleBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardFeaturedArticleBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemSearchNoResultsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemSearchNoResultsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/InflateInitialOnboardingPageTwoBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.InflateInitialOnboardingPageTwoBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewReferencePagerItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewReferencePagerItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewMessageCardBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewMessageCardBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentWikipediaLanguagesBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentWikipediaLanguagesBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewDescriptionEditRevertHelpBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewDescriptionEditRevertHelpBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewSuggestedEditsCardBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewSuggestedEditsCardBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/InflateInitialOnboardingPageOneBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.InflateInitialOnboardingPageOneBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewNotificationSearchBarBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewNotificationSearchBarBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemFeedContentTypeLangSelectDialogBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemFeedContentTypeLangSelectDialogBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemOnThisDayPagesBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemOnThisDayPagesBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/WidgetSearchBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.WidgetSearchBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWiktionaryDefinitionWithExamplesBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWiktionaryDefinitionWithExamplesBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentPreviewSummaryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentPreviewSummaryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewDescriptionEditSuccessBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewDescriptionEditSuccessBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardAccessibilityBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardAccessibilityBinding
org/wikipedia/dataclient/okhttp/GlideRequests.java
 org.wikipedia.dataclient.okhttp.GlideRequests
org/wikipedia/databinding/InflateDescriptionEditTutorialPageOneBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.InflateDescriptionEditTutorialPageOneBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewImageDetailHorizontalBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewImageDetailHorizontalBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogAddToReadingListBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogAddToReadingListBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogTextInputBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogTextInputBinding
org/wikipedia/readinglist/db/ReadingListPageDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListPageDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListPageDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListPageDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListPageDao_Impl$3
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListPageDao_Impl$4
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListPageDao_Impl$5
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListPageDao_Impl$6
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewPageHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewPageHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogEditNoticesBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogEditNoticesBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewPageActionOverflowBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewPageActionOverflowBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogWithCheckboxBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogWithCheckboxBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityTalkTopicsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityTalkTopicsBinding
org/wikipedia/dataclient/okhttp/GlideApp.java
 org.wikipedia.dataclient.okhttp.GlideApp
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityNotificationsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityNotificationsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewThankDialogBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewThankDialogBinding
org/wikipedia/feed/announcement/GeoIPCookieUnmarshaller.java
 org.wikipedia.feed.announcement.GeoIPCookieUnmarshaller
 org.wikipedia.feed.announcement.GeoIPCookieUnmarshaller$Component
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentRandomItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentRandomItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewPreferenceLogoutBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewPreferenceLogoutBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSuggestedEditsCardsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSuggestedEditsCardsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityCreateAccountBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityCreateAccountBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewImageTitleDescriptionBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewImageTitleDescriptionBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWiktionaryDefinitionsListBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWiktionaryDefinitionsListBinding
org/wikipedia/dataclient/okhttp/GlideRequest.java
 org.wikipedia.dataclient.okhttp.GlideRequest
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemTalkTopicBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemTalkTopicBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityTabsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityTabsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewDescriptionEditReadArticleBarBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewDescriptionEditReadArticleBarBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemSuggestedEditsTypeBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemSuggestedEditsTypeBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemNotificationFilterBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemNotificationFilterBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemGalleryThumbnailBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemGalleryThumbnailBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentRandomBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentRandomBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemSearchRecentBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemSearchRecentBinding
org/wikipedia/pageimages/db/PageImageDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.pageimages.db.PageImageDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.pageimages.db.PageImageDao_Impl$1
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWatchlistLanguageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWatchlistLanguageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemLanguageListEntryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemLanguageListEntryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewLanguageScrollBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewLanguageScrollBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemNotificationBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemNotificationBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewNotificationActionsOverflowBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewNotificationActionsOverflowBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewSearchEmptyBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewSearchEmptyBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWikitextKeyboardBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWikitextKeyboardBinding
org/wikipedia/readinglist/db/ReadingListDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListDao_Impl$3
 org.wikipedia.readinglist.db.ReadingListDao_Impl$4
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWikipediaLanguageFooterBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWikipediaLanguageFooterBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewReadingListPageActionsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewReadingListPageActionsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentReadingListBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentReadingListBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSuggestedEditsCardItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSuggestedEditsCardItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemEditActionbarButtonBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemEditActionbarButtonBinding
org/wikipedia/language/AppLanguageState.java
 org.wikipedia.language.AppLanguageState
org/wikipedia/databinding/InflateLoginAndAccountCreationFooterBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.InflateLoginAndAccountCreationFooterBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityLicenseBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityLicenseBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewDescriptionEditLicenseBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewDescriptionEditLicenseBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/GroupCaptchaBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.GroupCaptchaBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityTalkTopicBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityTalkTopicBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogImageTagSelectBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogImageTagSelectBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogWatchlistExpiryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogWatchlistExpiryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemTocEntryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemTocEntryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewPlainTextTooltipBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewPlainTextTooltipBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewOnboardingLanguageListBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewOnboardingLanguageListBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentFeedBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentFeedBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewReadingListsSortOptionsItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewReadingListsSortOptionsItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWiktionaryExampleBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWiktionaryExampleBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemSearchResultBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemSearchResultBinding
org/wikipedia/dataclient/okhttp/GlideOptions.java
 org.wikipedia.dataclient.okhttp.GlideOptions
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentDescriptionEditSuccessBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentDescriptionEditSuccessBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogWiktionaryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogWiktionaryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewNotificationFilterHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewNotificationFilterHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWatchlistBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWatchlistBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentPreviewEditBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentPreviewEditBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWikiErrorBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWikiErrorBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSuggestedEditsCardsItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSuggestedEditsCardsItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewSectionHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewSectionHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/edit/db/EditSummaryDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.edit.db.EditSummaryDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.edit.db.EditSummaryDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.edit.db.EditSummaryDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.edit.db.EditSummaryDao_Impl$3
 org.wikipedia.edit.db.EditSummaryDao_Impl$4
 org.wikipedia.edit.db.EditSummaryDao_Impl$5
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewStaticCardBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewStaticCardBinding
org/wikipedia/WikipediaApp.java
 org.wikipedia.WikipediaApp
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWatchlistMainTooltipBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWatchlistMainTooltipBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewNotificationDotBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewNotificationDotBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardOnThisDayBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardOnThisDayBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentReadingListsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentReadingListsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentHistoryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentHistoryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewSearchBarBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewSearchBarBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemFeedContentTypeLangSelectItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemFeedContentTypeLangSelectItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCustomCalendarDayBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCustomCalendarDayBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewTabsCountBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewTabsCountBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentContributionsSuggestedEditsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentContributionsSuggestedEditsBinding
org/wikipedia/history/db/HistoryEntryWithImageDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.history.db.HistoryEntryWithImageDao_Impl
org/wikipedia/databinding/GroupSearchBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.GroupSearchBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityLanglinksBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityLanglinksBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/GroupFindReferencesInPageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.GroupFindReferencesInPageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWikidataLabelBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWikidataLabelBinding
org/wikipedia/analytics/eventplatform/EventPlatformClient.java
 org.wikipedia.analytics.eventplatform.EventPlatformClient
 org.wikipedia.analytics.eventplatform.EventPlatformClient$AssociationController
 org.wikipedia.analytics.eventplatform.EventPlatformClient$OutputBuffer
 org.wikipedia.analytics.eventplatform.EventPlatformClient$SamplingController
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewDescriptionEditBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewDescriptionEditBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/WidgetFeaturedPageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.WidgetFeaturedPageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentFeedConfigureBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentFeedConfigureBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/PreferenceMultilineWithExternalLinkBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.PreferenceMultilineWithExternalLinkBinding
org/wikipedia/settings/PrefsIoUtil.java
 org.wikipedia.settings.PrefsIoUtil
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogLinkPreviewBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogLinkPreviewBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewNotificationButtonBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewNotificationButtonBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemFeedContentTypeBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemFeedContentTypeBinding
org/wikipedia/notifications/db/NotificationDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.notifications.db.NotificationDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.notifications.db.NotificationDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.notifications.db.NotificationDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.notifications.db.NotificationDao_Impl$3
 org.wikipedia.notifications.db.NotificationDao_Impl$4
 org.wikipedia.notifications.db.NotificationDao_Impl$5
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewSuggestedEditsTaskItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewSuggestedEditsTaskItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewListCardItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewListCardItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewEventsLayoutBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewEventsLayoutBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentOnboardingPagerBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentOnboardingPagerBinding
org/wikipedia/BuildConfig.java
 org.wikipedia.BuildConfig
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemTabContentsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemTabContentsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWatchlistLanguagePopupBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWatchlistLanguagePopupBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSuggestedEditsTasksBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSuggestedEditsTasksBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardAnnouncementBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardAnnouncementBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewFilePageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewFilePageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityNotificationsFiltersBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityNotificationsFiltersBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentWatchlistBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentWatchlistBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewSearchAndFilterBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewSearchAndFilterBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/InflateInitialOnboardingPageThreeBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.InflateInitialOnboardingPageThreeBinding
org/wikipedia/search/db/RecentSearchDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.search.db.RecentSearchDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.search.db.RecentSearchDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.search.db.RecentSearchDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.search.db.RecentSearchDao_Impl$3
 org.wikipedia.search.db.RecentSearchDao_Impl$4
 org.wikipedia.search.db.RecentSearchDao_Impl$5
 org.wikipedia.search.db.RecentSearchDao_Impl$6
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivitySuggestedEditsFeedCardImageTagsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivitySuggestedEditsFeedCardImageTagsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSearchRecentBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSearchRecentBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DatePickerDialogBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DatePickerDialogBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivitySuggestedEditsTagsOnboardingBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivitySuggestedEditsTagsOnboardingBinding
org/wikipedia/dataclient/okhttp/OkHttpGlideModule.java
 org.wikipedia.dataclient.okhttp.OkHttpGlideModule
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityPageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityPageBinding
androidx/drawerlayout/widget/FixedDrawerLayout.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.widget.FixedDrawerLayout
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWikipediaLanguageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWikipediaLanguageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardNewsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardNewsBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardOfflineBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardOfflineBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewWikitextKeyboardButtonBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewWikitextKeyboardButtonBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewOnThisDayEventBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewOnThisDayEventBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewOnThisDayFooterBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewOnThisDayFooterBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewGradientCircleNumberBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewGradientCircleNumberBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityLanguagesListBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityLanguagesListBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/InflateInitialOnboardingPageZeroBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.InflateInitialOnboardingPageZeroBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentReferencesPagerBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentReferencesPagerBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityResetPasswordBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityResetPasswordBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemTalkReplyBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemTalkReplyBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityGalleryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityGalleryBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewSuggestedEditsContributionDiffDetailBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewSuggestedEditsContributionDiffDetailBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewContributionsHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewContributionsHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentSuggestedEditsImageTagsItemBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentSuggestedEditsImageTagsItemBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentDescriptionEditBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentDescriptionEditBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemWatchlistDateBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemWatchlistDateBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/DialogImagePreviewBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.DialogImagePreviewBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewDescriptionEditReviewBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewDescriptionEditReviewBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardFooterBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardFooterBinding
org/wikipedia/talk/db/TalkPageSeenDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.talk.db.TalkPageSeenDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.talk.db.TalkPageSeenDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.talk.db.TalkPageSeenDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.talk.db.TalkPageSeenDao_Impl$3
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewHistoryHeaderWithSearchBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewHistoryHeaderWithSearchBinding
org/wikipedia/offline/db/OfflineObjectDao_Impl.java
 org.wikipedia.offline.db.OfflineObjectDao_Impl
 org.wikipedia.offline.db.OfflineObjectDao_Impl$1
 org.wikipedia.offline.db.OfflineObjectDao_Impl$2
 org.wikipedia.offline.db.OfflineObjectDao_Impl$3
 org.wikipedia.offline.db.OfflineObjectDao_Impl$4
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCardFeaturedImageBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCardFeaturedImageBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewListCardBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewListCardBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewHorizontalScrollListItemCardBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewHorizontalScrollListItemCardBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewCustomLanguageTabBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewCustomLanguageTabBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ItemLanglinksListEntryBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ItemLanglinksListEntryBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ActivityEditSectionBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ActivityEditSectionBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/ViewReadingListHeaderBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.ViewReadingListHeaderBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentMostReadBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentMostReadBinding
org/wikipedia/databinding/FragmentArticleEditDetailsBinding.java
 org.wikipedia.databinding.FragmentArticleEditDetailsBinding
